suggest DO as a complement to KV (#5223)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/how-kv-works.md

KV achieves this performance by being eventually-consistent. Changes are immediately visible in the Cloudflare network edge location at which they are made but may take up to 60 seconds to propagate to all other network edge locations as their cached versions of the data time out and they check in with the central datastores. In particular, propagation of changes takes longer to locations which have recently read a previous version of a given key (including reads that indicated the key did not exist, which are also cached locally). Workers KV is not ideal for situations where you need support for atomic operations or where values must be read and written in a single transaction.

> If you need stronger consistency guarantees, consider using [Durable Objects](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/). One pattern is to send all of your writes for a given KV key through a corresponding instance of a Durable Object, and then read that value from KV in other Workers. This is useful if you need more control over writes, but are ok with KV's read tradeoffs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need stronger consistency guarantees, consider using [Durable Objects](/workers/learning/using-durable-objects/). One pattern is to send all of your writes for a given KV key through a corresponding instance of a Durable Object, and then read that value from KV in other Workers. This is useful if you need more control over writes, but are satisfied with KV's read characteristics described above.
```
